Chore/fix testdata script (#512)
catenax-ng/tx-item-relationship-service: local/testing/testdata/README.md

the testdata file and pass the id with this parameter. If nothing is provided, the default policy will be empty with the
id "default-policy".

**-bpns, --bpns <[BPN ...] >**  
(Optional) A list of BPNs Filter upload to upload only specific BPNs

**-d, --dataplane <[URL ...] >**  

> (Optional) If specified, these public datalane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin href

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) If specified, these public dataplane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin href
```

> (Optional) If specified, these public datalane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin href

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) If specified, these public datalane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin in attribute 'href'
```

Reviewer: or 'href' section

> (Optional) If specified, these public datalane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin href

Author: ```suggestion
(Optional) If specified, these public datalane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin in attribute 'href'
```

> (Optional) If specified, these public dataplane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin href

Author: ```suggestion
(Optional) If specified, these public dataplane URLs will be displayed in the digital twin in attribute 'href'
```

**--aas3 <[BPN ...] >**  

> (Optional) Flag to create AAS assets in version 3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) Flag to create AAS assets  according to version 3.0.1
```

> (Optional) Flag to create AAS assets in version 3.0

Author: ```suggestion
(Optional) Flag to create AAS assets according to version 3.0.1
```

**--allowedBPNs <[BPN ...] >**  

> (Optional) (Required for --aas3) A list of allowed BPNs which will be added to the specificAssetIds when creating AAS Registry assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) (Required for --aas3) A list of allowed BPNs which will be added to the specificAssetIds when creating DTR assets
```
